Kovimester subtitles / subtitles
1982 ...
NASA is launching a time capsule into space
In the hope of relationship creation
It is our life and our culture
Our freedom ....
He carried the message of peace
Unfortunately ... He went in the wrong direction
An alien lifestyle ...
sent the pre-made video games to ...
attack us.
Pac-Man is a bad guy?!
Columbia Pictures presents
Watch out!
Donkey Kong ...
I just wear them! How would they rob ?!
In summer
This game...
The only way to hunt Pac-Man is the ghosts.
Do you want spirits?
These are your ghosts.
Oh this is !!!!!
..or the game is over.
We can only solve this!
IM joking. We all die.
I'm just him -
bocsesz.
PIXELS
Let me introduce Professor Iwatani.
The inventor of Pac-Man.
Pac-Man is not bad! You'll see!
Professor Iwatani, what are you doing ?!
Talk to him. My son!
Hello, my little son!
look at what you grew up!
So cute ... So cute ...
I know ... you're a good guy ...
ARGGHHHH !!!!
Somebody destroy this stupid thing!
If you liked my video sign up